拉合尔供水与污水处理项目（LWWMP）——从LARECH COLONY至
GULSHAN-E-RAVI的拉合尔污水系统：投标人疑问的第三轮澄清
Sr
#
Reference Section
Description
Employer's Response
1. Volume 1, Part I, Section 4,
Tender Forms Page
4-46-4-62 Schedule No. 5:
Electrical Works
Electrical works in 23 Intermittent Pumping Stations Electrical works along sewer lines (15 Nos.
Control System at Drop Structures) & 15 Nos. Control Points on Manholes along Lines and
Laterals preferably at drop structures in accordance with ER Sub Clause4.1 & 5.15 Nos.
(minimum) Control Points on Manholes along Lines and Laterals ULTIMATE DISPOSAL
STATION AT GULSHAN E RAVI (ELECTRICAL WORKS FOR PUMPING STATION AND ALL
BUILDINGS REFERRED IN EMPLOYER'S REQUIREMENTS The Tenderer notes that only the
Single Line Diagram (SLD) for the Disposal Station has been provided. The Tenderer
respectfully requests the Employer to provide the load list, SLDs, layout drawings, and any
additional electrical drawings for other stations, if available.
It is to clarify that EPC Contractor is responsible for detailed
design of loads and SLDs for all the stations, however, the load
requirement for all 23 intermittent pumping stations and typical
SLDs for odor control system, ventilation system and screening
system is attached as Annex-A for guidance only.
2. Volume 2 Part II, Section 6,
Employer's Requirements
It is recommended that the panel rooms can be adjusted in the dry well chamber. Can this
alternate arrangement be acceptable to the Employer.
Kindly refer to response at Sr. No. 39 of the Clarifications
and Minutes of Meeting of 1st Pre-Tender Meeting,
wherein, the updated drawing # LW-TD-411 shall prevail,
however, as an alternative arrangement, the panel rooms can be
adjusted in the dry well chamber as per Annex-B.
3. Clarifications and Minutes of
Meeting of 1st Pre Tender
Meeting LWDMP Item 72
Volume-1, Part I, Price
Schedules, Schedule No. 5:
Electrical Works, Item No.
5.6.
It is to clarify that shifting of existing Generators and Control rooms at 23 lift stations at new
location (within the existing premises) will require Medium Voltage Cables for restoring /
reinstating the connection with the existing Pumping system. In accordance with the Employer's
requirements for Medium Voltage (MV) cables to restore the connection with the existing
pumping system, the Tenderer requests clarification on the following: 1) Please provide the load
information, detailed load
1) The EPC contractor is at liberty to visit the relevant site and
estimate the relocation and reconstruction scope of work, as per
its own design and layout. Further, refer to response of Item 72 of
Clarifications and Minutes of Meeting of 1st Pre Tender Meeting
LWDMP, it is to clarify that 23 pumping stations other than
Gulshan e Ravi pumping station have LV loads and these
pumping stations will require Low Voltage Cables for restoring /
reinstating the connection with the existing Pumping system, if
shifting involves.
第1页，共10页
