Page 5 of 10 
Sr # Reference Section 
Description 
Employer’s Response 
please provide the type and design parameters (flow 
rate, head) of the fire pumps. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2) 
Please specify the fire-fighting systems 
required for each building (fire hydrant system, gas-
based fire-extinguishing, automatic sprinklers, etc.). 
standards, by using design., codes/references mention 
hereunder: NFPA 20 (fire pumps), NFPA 13 (automatic 
sprinklers), NFPA 14/NFPA 24 (hydrants / private mains), 
NFPA 22 (fire water tanks), and NFPA 2001 (clean-agent 
systems). Provide a standalone fire water supply capable 
of supporting private hydrants and sprinklers for a 
minimum 2-hour duration dedicated water tank at the 
chosen design flow. 
System Requirement: Install external hydrants (industrial 
style) distributed to provide required coverage; hydrant 
outlets, 2.5-in nozzles, and provisions for fire department 
connections (FDC). 
Plant buildings, workshops, stores, hazardous material 
storage (if any): Hydrant system inside/outside + hose 
reels as required; consider local sprinklers inside enclosed 
buildings where combustible materials are stored.  
Additional: manual fire extinguishers, detection & alarms, 
emergency lighting, and signage. 
Jockey pump (pressure maintenance): Jockey pumps are 
small, typical flow 5–10% of main pump flow to maintain 
pressure and avoid main pump cycling. 
Design Pressure: Consider a minimum of 7 barG at the 
hydraulically most remote hydrant/nozzle. The pump head 
shall be calculated based on the terminal pressure of 7 
barG + static head + friction losses. 
Design Flows: EPC contractor shall calculate the fire pump 
flow rate considering the worst-case scenario, but shall not 
be less than 1000 gpm. 
Fire Pump shall be FM-approved and UL-listed. 
Large Electric Motors: In case of a large pump room, 
partially open and containing lubricants/oils, install both 
local deluge zones (for fuel fires) and gaseous total-
flooding for electrical enclosures. Systems must be zoned 
to avoid water flooding live switchgear. 
 
2. For the offices at the Ultimate Disposal Station, the 
Contractor shall design and provide an Automatic wet-pipe 
sprinkler system (light hazard). 
